Paul Adamczyk
621 W 189th St.	Apt 2E
New York, NY 10040

+1(862) 591-0676
me@PaulAdamczyk.com
http://PaulAdamczyk.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

ITIL V3 certified IT consultant with a development and engineering background.
Enthusiastic IT leader with 5+ years of experience with diverse sets of IT technologies and systems management disciplines.
Seeking an opportunity to join a dynamic organization in a leadership position and leverage my skills.

WORK HISTORY

INFRASTRUCTURE ANALYST | 09/2018 – 09/2019
Capgemini America, Inc.

Responsible for the daily performance and availability of the organization's overall infrastructure.
Monitored, Executed, and Updated batch jobs with Cisco Workload Automation.
Managed ServiceNow Incident/Change tickets escalated by the Service Desk and from Nagios.
Escalation and Ownership through closure. Performed Nagios Configuration and Alert management.
Monitored the storage capabilities of the system and NetBackup/Veeam jobs.
Performed restoration and manual backup whenever requested.
Developed of runbooks with new learnings using Confluence.
Monitored Data Centre Environments at Lord Abbett locations of 90 Hudson, NJ, Breinigsville, PA (Tierpoint) and Secaucus, NJ (Equinix).
Active Directory, DNS, Exchange, VMware(vCenter/vSphere) configuration and management.
Monitored network efficiency, Power Consumptions, Cooling, Cabling, Server Racking and Equipment Integrity Vendor Access.
Coordinated Vendor Access (DELL EMC), Equipment Moves, use of the co-location ticketing system and cage security.
Performed daily Datacenter and Flex space walk-throughs.
Monitored any building Alarms during any off-business hours shift and take appropriate action by engaging the Responsible teams.
Performed weekly patches and updates on production servers (SCCM). Trained new staff members.

SYSTEM REPAIR TECHNICIAN | 10/2016 - 12/2016
ZT Group Int’l Inc.

Performed hands on Linux server/network/storage hardware assembly, installation, testing and integrations.
Hardware troubleshooting and stress testing of systems and components. BIOS and Flash ROM updates on servers and systems.
Installation of new application software. Hardware reliability system testing, reliability stresses, failure analysis and statistical analysis.
Worked with engineering and other cross-functional team management to define operation project requirements, solutions and schedules.
Developed innovative techniques/approaches to accelerate failure identification and mechanism understanding and supporting technology transfer to high volume manufacturing.
Conducted root cause analysis on issues, recommend /manage implementation of appropriate solutions.
Concisely and effectively communicated progress, status and issues to management.
Participated in product design and reliability reviews during new product development to ensure robustness of product design and manufacturing processes.
Produced detailed test and failure analysis reports.

IT CONSULTANT | 03/2015 - 04/2015
Robert Half Corporation

Provided Windows application, hardware and technical support for end users via phone, e-mail, and face to face.
Supported lead technical administrator in Microsoft XP to 7 migration (100+ computers).
Administered Microsoft Access database by modifying data, generating reports, and editing tables.
Lead VPN implementation project to allow users to remotely log into their accounts.
Troubleshooted network printer issues.
Performed proprietary software installations and configurations.

PLATFORM SUPPORT ANALYST | 07/2014 – 01/2015
Bedford Freeman & Worth Publishing Group

Managed incident / problem tickets in ServiceNow from end users (escalated from the central service desk). 
Resolved application and software issues within servers, databases, web services and other mission-critical applications. 
Tested fixes and performed post-resolution follow-ups
Posted software updates, knowledge base, and frequently asked questions resources on company intranet to assist in problem resolution. 
Performed preventative maintenance, including the installation of patches, and hot fixes as required. 
Escalated to 3rd party developers to ensure prompt issue resolution. Query SQL 2005 / 2008 database tables, relationships, stored procedures, indexes and views. 
Monitored database integrity of processes including exports and imports.

SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR | 10/2013 – 05/2014
Clanservers LLC

Built, maintained, and deployed systems for a wide variety of gaming platforms on Windows and Linux platforms. 
Installed, upgraded and troubleshooted reported issues with applications. 
Monitored uptime and performance of Windows Server 2003, Windows Server 2008 & Linux systems with Nagios. 
Maintained network infrastructure and web server services such as Apache, IIS & FTP. 
Performed SQL database configurations. 
Analyzed system logs and performed routine audits. Added, removed or updated user account information.
Reset passwords and performed backups. Made contributions to organizational knowledge base. 
Researched projects and helped with product development.

HELP DESK ANALYST | 11/2012 – 02/2013
CGS Technology Associates, Inc.
Provided daily phone support for all end users within the Firm for all components of the IT infrastructure and Application Support. 
Provided guidance, assistance, coordination and follow-up on questions, problems on all system applications, hardware and software. 
Managed daily performance measured by call capture, available time, speed of answer, and call resolution and customer support. 
Provided a link with the new National Operations Center and the end user for all aspects of infrastructure support. Ensured service delivery adherence to established service level agreements. 
Troubleshooted workstation access, applications software and functional application support, using knowledge of network operating systems or notifying the appropriate support organization. 
Supported the implementation and deployment of internal business systems and solutions. Maintained technology guidelines, operating procedures and support documentation. 
Maintained communications with callers through analysis and resolution process particularly in difficult customer situations, to keep them informed of status. 
Provided follow-up once resolved to ensure customer satisfaction. 
Documented of resolutions and submission to Knowledge Base. 
Provided resolution and support documentation for use by New Hires. 
Provided peer relationship and peer support to new hires. 
Performed related duties as assigned or requested. 
Windows Administration, Active Directory, McAfee Endpoint Encryption, Microsoft Office Suite, Remedy, SQL, Server, MobileIron support for iPhone, iPad, and Android device management. 
Setup WIFI networks, email/contact/calendar synchronizations, and personal hotspots for Mac users.

EDUCATION

Bergen Community College – Paramus, NJ | Associate of Science
Computer Science - 05/2011 | 2.8 G.P.A.

Memorial High School – Elmwood Park, NJ | High School Diploma
General Education – 05/2006


